Link to manual in UTOL on articles not translated yet (#1174)
utelecon/utelecon.github.io: src/components/en/UtolInPreparation.mdx

import If from "@components/utils/If.astro";

{/**
  * @typedef {object} Props
  * @property {string} link
  */}

<div class="box">
    This page is not translated yet.

>     Until the translation is completed, <If cond={props.link}>please use the <a href={props.link}>Japanese version</a>, or </If>refer to the **[Manual](https://utol.ecc.u-tokyo.ac.jp/common/support/manual)** (“Manuals” can be found in the top right section of the screen after you log on to UTOL).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Until the translation is completed, please <If cond={props.link}>use the <a href={props.link}>Japanese version</a>, or </If>refer to the reference manuals in English. They are available in PDF files from [the download page](https://utol.ecc.u-tokyo.ac.jp/common/support/manual) (you need to log in with your UTokyo Account).
    
    If you can only see the documents in Japanese, please access [the UTOL's setting page](https://utol.ecc.u-tokyo.ac.jp/common/settings) first, switch the display language, and then access the download page again.
```

import If from "@components/utils/If.astro";

{/**
  * @typedef {object} Props
  * @property {string} link
  */}

<div class="box">
    This page is not translated yet.

    Until the translation is completed, please <If cond={props.link}>use the <a href={props.link}>Japanese version</a>, or </If>refer to the reference manuals in English. They are available in PDF files from [the download page](https://utol.ecc.u-tokyo.ac.jp/common/support/manual) (you need to log in with your UTokyo Account).
    

>     If you can only see the documents in Japanese, please access [the UTOL's setting page](https://utol.ecc.u-tokyo.ac.jp/common/settings) first, switch the display language, and then access the download page again.

Reviewer: UTOLの画面的にはPersonal Settingsかな
